1. **Sustainability and Profitability**: How do you plan to balance the inherent tension between open-source ethos (which often eschews profit motives) and the need for a sustainable, profitable business model?

Profit isn't inherently bad. My opinion is that the challenges we face today come from a combination of resource-driven growth, workers alienation, and capital accumulation.
It is true that the open source movement tends to oppose the profit motive. I believe this is a correlation because of today's profit motives being opposed to free innovation. Hence I propose a new economic model, still driven by free markets and the profit motive, but axiomatically requiring innovation to be free. Competition is a race, and profit is the reward. The only thing we must ensure is that this race is to the benefit of society, effectively encouraging the greatest good for the greatest number.

2. **Market Adoption and Resistance**: Given the disruptive nature of your vision, how do you anticipate traditional markets and entrenched tech giants will respond? What strategies do you have in place to overcome potential resistance or barriers to adoption?

Once they understand the true transformative power of my vision, tech giants and some of the biggest investors will likely oppose it. However, I am proposing a vision that still allows for profits. My intuition is that the current situation have, per segment, one winner and many losers. The losers are willing to join forces and defy the winner. This is what liberating innovation looks like. As soon as the open market will exist and drive meaningful progress and profits, all investors will want to be in. They will very quickly forget about the old world. Tech giants, however, will be defeated. Unless they adapt and engage on a true open innovation journey. But for that they will have to ensure a qualitative culture and consumer-respectful products. If they can successfully make the transition, they will be able to adapt and transform into what I see as innovators cooperatives. And that's good. As Darwin said, successful species are not the strongest ones but the ones who adapt the best.

3. **Cultural Shifts and Employee Buy-In**: Your vision involves significant cultural shifts in work and value perception. How do you plan to cultivate this mindset among your employees, especially those accustomed to traditional capitalist models?

This will be progressive. To be honest, I don't think the resistance will come from workers. Even the supposedly happiest workers today, ie the tech workers, are the most unsatisfied with the lack of meaning in their work. I offer them an environment where they can do great, meaningful work and be truly empowered. I think they will adapt. This reminds me of the stories Ricardo Semler tells. All the other CEOs always seem so surprised and dubious about his stories. They can't believe that simple workers are able to deal with freedom and still be productive. Well, the truth is that in fact, once they adapt to the new situation, free workers are much more productive. However, I do think the culture resistance will come from consumers. We are so used to consume. We were educated and brainwashed to think that way. We can't foresee happiness otherwise than materialism, despite having proof that this has the opposite effect on our human souls. We don't comprehend value otherwise than the production of infinite purpose-less products and services. We have been taught that working for the common good is communist, and that communism is inherently bad. Dedicating your life to the common good isn't seen as productive, it's seen as a sad sacrifice. This is what we need to change so that consumers don't want more but want better.

4. **Measuring Impact and Value**: In a system where value is determined by societal impact and collective well-being, how do you propose to measure and quantify these metrics, especially in a way that is clear and convincing to investors and stakeholders?

I do believe that financial gains are still essential, especially as the secret ingredient to success is to perfectly integrate within the capitalist framework and win the game over. What we are proposing is to realign incentives. So that financial gains indeed equal to societal value and so that capital is more equally, meritocratic-ally redistributed. Investors will still make profits, but lower than what they got used to with tech monopolies. This is fine. They will get over it. I believe this still works because, 1/ as soon as a few investors are in the other ones have to follow and they can't unite, 2/ open source is a transformative method and closed source won't be able to resist. So in the end we will destroy tech monopolies and these will become bad investment opportunities. Investors only care about their financial gains, so they will let go of the old tech and go back to more sustainable growth. The new, knowledge economy.

5. **Technological Infrastructure**: Can you elaborate on the specific technological innovations or systems that will underpin the Open Market Infrastructure? How will these systems ensure transparency, efficiency, and scalability?

Blockchain, web3, crypto. Centralized decentralized. Open. We will build this new financial infrastructure on top of decentralized permission-less technology. We will make sure that anyone can copy, change, and run the code. We will create human-led institutions to create some hyper-structures and federate the decentralized endpoints. This is because I believe that some level of centralization is important. However, especially because this is all digitalized and open source, anyone will be able to come and copy and improve and freely compete. That will keep us honest.

6. **Global Regulatory Compliance**: How do you plan to navigate the diverse and often complex regulatory environments across different countries, especially considering the novel nature of your economic model?

Work hard. It's possible. Our intentions are aligned with those of the regulators. We are working for the people. We will discuss and work together to make it work globally.

7. **Long-term Vision vs. Short-term Goals**: What are your immediate short-term goals, and how do they align with and contribute to the long-term vision of completely transforming the tech industry and economic systems?

That's what we will discuss right after. I am starting with a movement, to build an audience. I called the movement "Fuck The VCs". This will be a crowdfunding platform for free projects. Backers will be able to invest their time and money into open brands. For now this is illiquid capitalisation, as there will be no market. The intent is to build an audience before we add in the speculation. I also want to be able to work openly and with the community at large on the open market concepts and incentives. As soon as the Fuck The VCs movement is launched, the Open Market Foundation will be live too. This will be a place for inclusive collaboration on preparing the Open Market Protocol and Infrastructure. Once we are grew big enough and are ready to launch the Open Market Protocol, we will implement the first Open Market Exchange (akin to a Stock Exchange) and IBO (akin to IPO) the brands we capitalized on through the FTVCs movement and crowdfunding platform. This will provide the initial critical mass and some liquidity. I will work to make sure that when the Open Market launches we have bigger financial players involved to provide liquidity and serious participants.

8. **Risk Management**: What risk management strategies do you have in place, considering the ambitious and unconventional nature of your projects?

Community. We can't let ourselves be frozen by the perspective of the risk. Building is better than not building. We are building in public with an open governance and openness in all dimensions. Community is keeping us honest and on track. I am personally hosting open office hours on a weekly basis. This is to ensure that we get all perspectives. I am also actively putting effort to meet and discuss with other important voices from the regulation and free software sides. I want to make sure that we are making our decisions in our best consciousness of all perspectives and of the risks. 

9. **Inclusivity and Accessibility**: How will you ensure that the benefits of The Open Market and tBTCoE are accessible and inclusive to diverse populations, especially those traditionally marginalized in tech and finance?

This is a tough one. There are problems that I can't address myself. I am doing my best to make our project accessible and soon, I hope, we will be able to hire and provide job security to many free innovation contributors. However, for now, digitalization and an open mind is the best we can do to ensure we reach diverse populations equally. We have to start somewhere. I promise we are making this a top priority and I have people around me, working daily with me, keeping me honest on this—trust me.

10. **Competition and Collaboration Dynamics**: In an open-source, collaborative economy, how do you envision competition playing out? Will there be new forms of competitive dynamics, and how will they be managed?

Competition in the open source, free software world is much higher than you would expect. The nature of humans is to compete for their identities. Open source brands, as any brand, are communal identities. Sure the source code is open. But the opinions and choices expressed through this source code are impossible to copy. By definition they are always unique. Contributors and consumers are making an identity decision when deciding to chose a community over another. As long as they fight for the best and fastest innovation, this is healthy competition.


